welcome to sam's business growth show
i'm sam dunning a digital marketing
sales and business growth evangelist
tune in and subscribe today as i'll be
interviewing business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe you'll be learning their story
how digital marketing has helped them
along the way and exclusive tips
insights to help you skyrocket your own
[Music]
business
hey everyone welcome back to another
linkedin live
and welcome to a fresh episode of
sam's business growth show i'm excited
today to be joined by jordan paris
jordan is a 22 year old author he's a
podcast host
and entrepreneur he's been featured in
forbes entrepreneur
men's health yahoo finance and market
watch
his podcast growth mindset university is
ranked number six
in apple's self-improvement category
it's number three in the training
category
and number five in the how-to category
he's interviewed some massive
guests well-known all around the world
such as grant cardone
robert greene mark manson dan millman
ryan sirhant and naveen jane to name
just a few
plus he's the founder of trend up media
who help
and people basically who want to get
their podcast produced do it in a very
professional
and uh well-round manner jordan a very
well warm welcome to the show man
how are you doing sir hey thanks for
having me i like the
i like the layout and switching between
them it's uh you got a cool little
overlay here
hey really really thanks thanks for for
taking enough interest
in me to uh ask you some questions and
have me here today i'm always grateful
for that
no worries man so excited to jump right
in and as usual we'd love to know
a bit more about your story so first off
it'd be great to get a bit of background
on yourself jonas you're only 22 years
old it sounds like you've accomplished a
heck of a lot
so if we can learn a bit more about what
you've done up to now really some of the
key business some of the key jobs you've
had
and perhaps a few lessons along the way
in terms of sales
and business yeah i did the did the
camp counselor thing i was support staff
there
i was like probably 14 15 did the
the busing in a restaurant thing did the
surveying thing
uh totally flamed out once i became a
server
was not great at that as an 18 year old
i think i'd be really really good at it
now
um because i i just didn't know how to
talk to people then but
back then yeah i just wasn't very good i
would be good now i think i i've always
i've i've like joked that and it's like
a half joke like i would
if if a restaurant let me for
one day serve
like be a be a waiter like i would i
would do it i would take like a four
hour shift
uh i don't need to get paid anymore i
think it would just be a good
test of my my people skills and
just to see how far i've come i think
it'd be kind of fun um because i
remember it was a disaster before
like it would be cool for me to to just
see that
um but you know of course and i and i
have people i know people that like run
restaurants and nobody wants to let me
do it because like yeah you know then
the issue comes in like you have to pass
a
a test of like knowing the menu and the
drinks and you know so i just wouldn't
have like a restaurant
no which i think i think i i think i'd
be fine but anyway
cool man yeah so what we'll do is we'll
power through some of the some of the
highlights of what you've done
what you've learned along the way up to
now um and then we'll go we'll dive into
for the audience anyone's just tuned in
in terms of your podcast and how you've
built that up massively
and how you've grown your podcast
production business as well
so restaurant server was one of the the
first roles
like you say is it sounds like it was it
was pretty tricky if it was one of the
first things you did dealing with people
face to face is never that easy i know
that i've done it myself and i struggled
back when i was 17 18 doing that
um so yeah how did how did you overcome
that and were there any any less i
didn't
i didn't i didn't overcome it no i and i
and after i got promoted to server i
flamed out in a month and a half and
i got it and then i got out of there and
i said never
never again no never gonna work for
anyone ever again
you know it wasn't like too horrible of
an experience
yeah i just knew i didn't want to do
that and so i started building in a in a
new
direction setting my sights on some on a
different direction and
i thought i wanted to be a personal
trainer and i did that
learned and got the certification
and did it for a few years and it was
cool i was like 19
making 60 dollars an hour and then i was
like hmm well i'm trading time for money
and it's like
while it's six times more than everyone
else my age it's not a ton of money
and i find it very difficult in fort
myers florida to
even go up to 80
an hour which really isn't much
difference and i'm also tied to a
location i was finding that
oh i i didn't want to go visit my family
in pennsylvania for the weekend
because that's x amount of dollars and
i'm missing out on
so i was tied to a location
very much if i was not in fort myers
florida i
was not getting paid so i wanted to
build in a little bit of a new direction
and i and i start really getting into
the
all mine space and uh i've seen a lot of
things happen there i started out
just developing websites okay
interesting yeah and uh then it
evolved into over the past year and a
half producing
podcasts and that's what we do at
trained up media it's trendup.media is
the website
dot com and stop media and i am having a
lot of fun really
enjoy serving my clients there and yeah
good on you man so the the personal
training 19 years old that's that's
quite young to go into that gig and like
you say 60
an hour isn't bad um certainly that age
i'd have jumped for that when i was a a
mere whippersnapper
and nearly bridging 30 now so i've got a
few years really yeah
i was pegging you for around around my
age with the
i don't know i just when i when we got
on i and i saw you i was like guys
it looks like he's mine so but you're a
little older than me and
i appreciate it dude so yeah tell us a
bit more how you got into the personal
training i'm i'm a bit of a gym fan too
and i'm sure
some some of our listeners or watchers
are um so yeah tell us a bit more how
how that came about
and how you acquired clients for that
business oh well look i i learned from
somebody
and worked for that person for free for
a couple of weeks and
and i went and studied for the national
academy of sports medicine
certification and passed tests and
uh you know span of three weeks like
started studying for it and then passed
the test
um and that was january of 2017 it was
like january 7th or something
2017 past the test and i passed and i
st and then i did not start training
people right away because what am i
gonna do
if i wanted to train people right away
what am i gonna work in a gym no i that
wasn't the point like i didn't wanna
work for anyone so i i
you know made this website on seems
really funny now on wix
okay which is just not the way to go it
is a
uh what's the opposite of the word
superior
it's just a it's just a
poor product compared to
wordpress and other stuff like that
um wordpress is superior absolutely
superior product but anyway i
i created a website and the goal was to
get my own in-home clients
and i couldn't for two months
because you know i was new and i didn't
know how to get clients and
okay i downloaded this app called
thumbtack and
uh essentially for independent
contractors
and all all sorts of independent
contractors and personal training falls
under that and there are people looking
on that platform for personal training
and they and and people in your area
will request
quotes and you'll send them out and and
uh so i that's what i was doing and i
and i remember it was march 20 something
and i got my first client on that app
and then my second client came a couple
of days later
when i found a crossfit gym in the area
and i followed i followed everyone who
follows that page
and with my with my newly created
health instagram page at the time
and like if you actually it's kind of
funny if you
scroll all the way back on gmu.show
my growth mindset university podcast
page on instagram like if you scroll
really far back you'll actually see
like personal training stuff and health
stuff because i just changed the name
so you revamped it yeah now it's like
it's at a point where like there's
hundreds of hundreds and hundreds of
health posts i mean what
i can't delete them all and and and i'm
too far to like start new but anyway but
i uh i followed everyone who followed
that page and
one person and it was over a thousand
people one person
and i went to my website i felt the
contact form i was interested in working
with me and i actually
trained him before i trained the client
that i got on thumbtack
it was like back to back days or
something but i trained him first and so
all of a sudden i had my first two
clients and
that was great i was rocking and uh
certainly
the rock for a couple of years nice so
did you just follow like a thousand
people that are interested in
personal fitness that were in your local
area on instagram
absolutely and then one of those went to
your website
was a lead and you closed it yeah and
and that
and that though that those actions that
day
brought me uh you know because i
i kept i kept him for i think three
years
uh wow okay until the very end and
so i mean that must be almost 20 000
of business it must be bad yeah
yeah so i'm very happy with um
with that and you know that's enabled me
to um
you know clients like that have enabled
me to have cash to do
other things that's awesome man so
that's some some great lessons shared
there in terms of
persistence prospecting for business
and then winning that business yeah yeah
yeah i bet that took some time though
well it took two months i mean granted i
wasn't working on it
all day every day i was very much kind
of hoping but i remember
thinking or i remember my roommate
saying to me because i was a freshman in
college at the time
and my roommate said you know jordan i
think you might have to
throw in the towel and or actually he
said bite the bullet i think you're
gonna have to bite the bullet
and go work at la fitness all right
and i said no
i'm not doing that uh and
that week was the week that landed me my
first two clients
powering three paid off yeah yeah i
could have quit it two months i mean two
months is a very long time
to have have a certain because it
expires in two years
you know um so i two months were down i
only had 22 months left of the
certification so
i had to get moving um before this is a
complete failure you know i get or or i
work at la fitness and
make god knows what probably 15 bucks
a session you know working my tail off
you know i
i would suck that was a claim you know
yeah
all right so we did that for a little
while got got a couple clients made some
some good money for what it sounded like
and then what was next for you jordan
what happened next was it the podcast
was it something in between
yeah in the i started developing
websites
okay or before the podcast
yep and i started it's funny i was
developing websites
designing websites on wix really
and so i was making like 400 pop
and then i learned wordpress
and that is like having knowing
wordpress is like having it and being
able to use it really well it's like
having a degree
you might be able to attest to that and
so then i was making three four thousand
dollars a pop
and that was interesting different kind
of money
and you know granted i was still doing
it but uh
more than what i was used to and i was
thinking like jesus christ you know
personal training i have to do uh
50 sessions to make that money you know
this is so i really wanted to start
doing that more
than the personal training
i was on to on to something but then i
was like i'm really just a
another glorified freelancer
and so i want to like i really want to
do something
really actually entrepreneurial
and where i have a team and
i'm very much the overseer of things
and where i'm not incredibly involved in
fulfillment
and so that was i was
starting to build trend up media i
wasn't called that then i didn't have a
name for a really long time actually
i don't think it had a name until 2020
which is pretty funny
um because it was it was just at like
agency.jordanparis.com
and i and i would literally describe it
as a marketing production agency for
podcasters and uh and then
and then i i know i just i got a name
and a new website and uh
and yeah awesome man so that's
interesting that you built websites
obviously as being a digital marketing
company
how how did that come about so like you
say wordpress is a bit of a step up from
wix which are fairly basic as we as we
touched on without slaying too
much um so wordpress you're saying
there's a three to four grand of pop
sounds like you're making not too too
bad money so how how did that come about
i guess it was
progress from the wix was it and how are
you finding customers for that
i mean they were finding me i mean it
was right
and look i wasn't getting a ton of
business um which you don't really need
to
with when you're making like three or
four thousand at a time
like if i just did one for the month i
was like i was like cool you know
um and i was you know like 20
at the time and um i yeah i mean
i if i were to like do it differently i
would i would definitely
have a lot better of a marketing and
prospecting
strategy today but it really wasn't it
was very much
hope was my strategy um which is of
course not a very good strategy
fair enough dude all right so trend up
media came about so tell us
what was the inspiration when was the
lightbulb moment where you decided that
you wanted to start interviewing
people because we know you've had some
great names
so i i mean i started the podcast in
like that was a long time ago so it was
two and a half years ago this is like
that's like in the middle of all this
okay so i mean i don't know i mean
people ask me
why i started the podcast all the time
and look sam i just i just don't know
i i just i don't know i just did it and
and uh
there's been a stroke of luck involved
and that the the time was
right and everything was everything was
right
and that i didn't quit even though i
wanted to and
yeah okay well that sounds pretty
similar to me really i just thought at
the end of last year
i want to interview people that have
done better things than myself want to
interview people that i can learn from
um want to grow my network want to
create some great content for social
media for the website
and so on and pretty much the same kind
of thing no real massive agenda
and much like yourself we've been we've
been fortunate we've been blessed with
to have some great guests just like
yourself and many others
yeah that's very interesting dude so
that was going on in the midst of these
other business ventures
yeah and then you managed to hit up some
some great guests
like we've touched on so it'd be it'd be
awesome to learn so i'm sure there's
lots of um
people tuning in or watching live that
i've got all these great guests lined up
perhaps on a spreadsheet that they want
to tap up they want to think about yeah
cardone sounds pretty tasty to me um i'd
love to love to get on a podcast and
stay in there so guide us through a bit
more about how you've
how you've um got these these well-known
guests how you've reached out to them
and how you've you've convinced them to
get on your show yeah well i mean number
one stop
waiting and just ask my friend wesley is
the one that
in january of 2019 pushed me to
and that was i don't know i was probably
in like month 8 of my podcast and
he's the one that really pushed me to
start reaching out to the people that i
had on my dream list instead of waiting
for some magical day when things were
perfect and i had more credibility
but i and then i was like yeah
because i i wanted to maximize my
chances and he was telling me how you
know he gets rejected or people don't
respond and i was like
i was like but he had some great guess
and i was thinking like oh well i i
never
i've never gotten rejected like i
because i was shooting so low i i never
nobody ever
ignored it or said no everyone was happy
to do it because i
my i had very middling hopes and dreams
and then i i i wait two weeks to really
like implement
his advice and then i i do
and you know a couple of people take
chances on you and reach back
even though they're above you and it
just gets easier from there
and you start you know your credibility
kind of there's like a snowball effect
of credibility in it
you know it just got to a point of no
return at some point in 2019
and i mean really by i mean i went from
january february of 2019
really people not knowing about my
podcast
and that was like eight nine months in
because i started in april of 18
to then two months or three months later
it was like a thing and really big
guests were coming on
um and and i and it was so much more fun
for me
and it just completely transformed
and it wasn't just a guess it was it was
really
dialing in my marketing on on linkedin
too i was
that was the beginning of my becoming
very active on the platform
uh but you know other than that look
dude i've read a lot of books on
on communication and human behavior and
and
like and i i give away the emails in my
book the podcast playbook and
in a mini course on the internet
um because i have you know i have a
pretty standard operating procedure with
templates that i use for the initial
cold outreach follow-up one two
three and then the contingency plan
uh contingency plan is if you know if
you receive
a reply uh maybe it's a rejection um
or the time isn't right or they're
writing a book then you know set an
appointment on your calendar to reach
out again in under six months
if they don't reply at all then six to
12 months set an appointment in your
calendar to
follow up again and i will use boomerang
for gmail i recommend
everyone have boomerang for gmail you
may know the tool
and just a really great system to
remember to follow up and you don't have
you won't have to remember a thing and
you'll just be able to follow up at the
perfect time i mean you'll see what the
tool is get
boomerang for gmail boomerang for
outlook so like a reminder app jordan
are you so much myself yeah you i mean
you probably have something similar
there's like yesware
okay um any you know a secondary feature
to the software it's like tracking too
which is cool like i like i you know i
was sending an email to the
like united states consulate in
bali last night because i i i want to
go there and i'm and the whole border
thing
being closed or not is very nuanced
right now and i was like
and i you know i tried the number and
that's not working so i'm like i gotta
send this email
because i saw the email there yeah i was
like
i was like how the heck am i gonna i
feel like they're not even gonna read it
so that i i i was like oh yeah boomerang
i'll put the track
i'll click the tracking button when i
send the email and
they read it in a few minutes and they
literally clicked
i have links and icons in my
signature with like my website and my
social media they clicked
jordanpatters.com
five times i clicked that they clicked
like my instagram
everything and i got a reply i was i was
like holy sh yeah i never had so many
people like
i've never had so many clicks of i don't
know what
who who is at the united states embassy
in involvement
around to loads of people and everyone
was just clicking all the links and
stuff yeah
so uh so they were filming so it was
cool to like
see that um yeah that's a different kind
of example but
yeah yeah cool man it sounds from what
you've said so far jordan to get some of
these great guests on you made a great
statement stop waiting and just ask
so if you're running a podcast i mean
that doesn't have to apply to building a
podcast that can apply to anything
whether it's
generating sales whether it's doing a
task that's important for your own
activity or in business
um so i love that now it sounds like you
had their email system of some sort of
setup
to reach out to these prospective guests
that you wanted to get on and
um to get them on the show and you had
some kind of system where you'd follow
up every few months
it sounds like well you know that's
if i go through the sequence and and if
i when i go through the entire sequence
then i put them in the queue
a few months later but i will
generally follow up every one or two
weeks
okay um for like
three weeks
so yeah nice
and is that when you say for three weeks
and then after that time you'll leave it
and you'll just leave them for a few
months and then maybe follow up in six
months or something like that
okay well uh i know it's in your guide i
know this in your book but could we
perhaps get a quick taster
of what one of these email outreach
might look like
yeah i mean i'm not going to give you
the exact thing
because i don't feel like clicking
around on my computer and i don't want
to give it away to the general
public and yeah uh but there's a couple
of elements that you need in there i
mean definitely acknowledge how
how busy they are yeah right off the bat
i'm like totally
uh or what do i say um
that doesn't matter but then you know
the the then then i will say
i will show them i'll write like a
couple sentences about
how much i i care you know because uh
i'm i'm always i'm reaching out
exclusively to people whose work i've
consumed and so i
you know i pick out something specific
that that only
i couldn't that i could only know from
consuming their
content book whatever
posts um you could even say like i saw
your tweet on this the other day
and here's what i think about it
uh but you know providing maybe a little
buzz like a compliment
give it a little rush there but not
gloating or anything
you know you're not putting yourself
like completely below them as like in
the category of follower
you know because they'll just kind of
want to swatch you like a fly but you
know definitely
proving to them that you care and that
you've consumed their work
um because look i i say i say yes to
everyone who who my work who my
um you know maybe my podcast made it
great has made a great impact on them
they've listened to
so many episodes and i don't care whose
podcast it is how big or small it is
i'll say yes to it if they um
you know if they've if when they prove
to me that they've consumed my work in
the outreach email or message
um i and i don't say yes to everyone in
fact now i look i just
i don't know i mean i have the time i
just don't feel like
adding stuff to my schedule i like to
have it like as blank as
possible to be honest um you know so
but one way to get me and a lot of
people is is to
do that prove that you've consumed their
work give them that little
rush uh of of a compliment and
then uh and then yeah i go into
introducing
myself and who i've interviewed and i
mean for me it's really easy now
you know some of the people i can say
i've interviewed and
um you know i can say i've interviewed
mark manson twice uh
you know so not only a lot of people not
only are people coming but they're
coming back they had such a great
experience
um and i don't know like i'll look at
uh who their follower who
who they follow and maybe if i've
interviewed one of them i'll
you know be sure to mention them
uh then i'll then i'll talk real and
really like one or two or three
sentences per paragraph
um then i'll talk about uh
just talk about the show in one sentence
uh i'll link to it because i have a lot
of ratings there
a lot of social proof there and then
i'll be like uh i'll give him a double
binding question
you know okay double binding question
where in
both i i give people a couple of options
and
and uh both options and you know i give
them the illusion of choice
because everyone wants to have choice
and free will and be the decision maker
and but really both outcomes are
favorable
to me so i'm like
did you do you want to
do you want to loop in a member of your
team to help us out or would it be
easier to go ahead and secure spot
really quickly on my online calendar
and i will not link the calendar there i
feel like that's too aggressive
and too assumptive you do that in the
next email
but yeah and then i'm like totally get
how busy you are so even a short reply
would be great cheers jordan
mm-hmm so that's no that's a that's
always sounds like a perfect way to
reach out so basically you're
acknowledging they're very very busy
you're referencing some content that
you've personally consumed of there so
if they're a podcaster
you can say look just watch this episode
jordan with sam dunning love the point
where he talked about how to build a
podcast
blah blah blah or if you haven't you
could mention
a tweet or a linkedin piece of content
maybe that they shared that you liked
and why you liked it
um quick intro of your show and then
finished like a double binding question
is it best to
speak to one of your team first or would
you rather schedule 15 on my calendar
cool man and now this this is something
i've tried
new recently i've i've done it one time
and it worked one time
on a multi-billionaire here it is
the the co-founder one of my favorite
companies everyone knows this company i
won't say it
and i cause i hadn't really consumed his
work
honestly other than just loving the
company
and so i was like
look man i'm really excited to
um maybe i maybe i reference one of his
linkedin posts but then i was like
i'm really excited to dive into your new
book on
audible and uh and consume it this week
and i and i think that that was enough
he was like
thanks man i hope you enjoy it um and
uh had one of his assistants help us in
in getting scheduled and
honestly this sounds super s
crappy but if he didn't respond
i don't know that i would have read his
book
or at least i wouldn't have prioritized
it maybe i would have read it in two
years
but you know if you really want to play
that card and take that route i mean you
could
you could do that um you just hope that
they don't say yeah we'll do tomorrow
and then you've got to read a book in
like 12 hours
right right right yeah
okay that's interesting a nice little
kind of putting out the bait and then if
they take it it's
uh it's a done deal yeah one for one so
far
we'll see i don't know how much i'm
gonna use that interesting dude
all right cool well um yeah we'll go go
through that and we'll put the links in
the description of how people can can
find and purchase your guide man so
appreciate you running that through that
with us
um and uh yeah just before we move on
what about when you didn't have any
guests so when you wanted to get your
first let's say well-known guest how did
you do that when you couldn't
necessarily reference other ones yeah
everyone's starting somewhere
i was just asking and some people take
chances on you yeah that's it
fair enough simple as that okay cool now
obviously you don't
shoot for i mean there there's levels to
this you
yeah shoot shoot much higher but but
don't reach out to like
tony robbins yet because he
won't take a chance on you um you do
have to
there are some people that you do still
have to work your way up to
um like i said there's levels to this
but yeah makes sense man okay cool
and yeah we know you've had some some
great ratings so like we said at the
intro
you've been at number six in apple's
self-improvement number three in
training number five and how to how are
you promoting this podcast how are you
getting people to listen to it jordan
what's what's preaching
yeah i mean the messages resonate on
resonating on linkedin
it just is yeah yeah yeah primarily
linkedin would you say is it's been the
one
primarily yeah and has there been a
strategy behind that has it been a
certain type of posting or something
that's worked particularly well
i don't know i mean i feel like people
who
follow me could say better um
it's hard to like i don't know i mean
when you're like a
a fish doesn't really know it's in water
if you were to take it out of water yeah
it would know um so i feel like i'm a
fish in water
in that sense where like it's hard for
me to like
see and know uh i don't know i'm just
stupid freaking advice of i'm just being
me
and i'm not really afraid to to say
amazing down-to-earth advice i
appreciate it angeline thanks
um i'm you know i'm not
i'm just not afraid to
take stand on controversial issues and i
think people really appreciate that
um i mean you know i guess some of the
superficial things i do are like i'll do
one line paragraphs
um i don't write big blocks of text a
lot of times i ask
questions like for example the other day
was i posed a question
because the post was about you know
reading fewer books but more deeply
uh so i was like what books have you
read twice and
oh yeah 160 some comments and you know
the post had
20 some thousand views which is actually
good nowadays it used to be pretty
average for me but now it's good
views have dropped so much man on
linkedin
has so that was a pretty great
performing post in in terms of
relativity
uh in recent times um it was every
single comment was
people who
saying what books i read twice and
tagging the authors and then the authors
were like commenting
and so it was like and i was like i
would have gotten
10 comments if i didn't pose that
question you know
so i i think posing a question is a lot
of times a good strategy
that was just that's a really easy
question to answer for people it's not
always like that
sometimes people are really doing people
ignore your question that's happened to
me a lot
um people will still comment but they'll
ignore your question
uh it's interesting um but that's your
fault that's my fault
um you know it just wasn't a great
question but
i completely agree what you mean and i
think not being afraid to air your own
view
to a certain extent helps quite a lot so
people can actually get a taste what
you're like as a person
yeah i mean i i i subscribe to the
philosophy of turning uh you gotta turn
some people off to turn
others on really yeah i mean so so
people
if they've seen my takes on education
and they've
seen my political stances
they either love me or hate me they
really
do i i look sam i i have a lot of people
that hate me i
i really do and that's fine
i'm sure i do too man i'm sure some
people switch this off after
after five minutes so don't worry too
much about that just just from hearing
my voice anyway
let's move on dude let's talk um quickly
a bit about your production business
um tell us a bit more about that and
kind of have you acquired clients was
that just from people listening to your
podcast did they approach and say look
jordan i love your podcast please stop
using mine
what's a bit what's it yeah well look i
mean some some
pretty automatic systems i have in place
right now i mean
there's strength in numbers the more
profile visits i get on linkedin the
more people book consultations on my
website trend.media it's
pretty simple to book consultations
there
everything points to booking a free
consultation
and also people who
um you know listen to my podcasts and
uh people who listen to my podcast i
think i think every single podcaster who
listens to my podcast has signed up for
my free course on podcasting at this
point i mean it's been a year
and i i just i i can't
imagine a podcaster that listens to my
podcast that hasn't signed up for the
course i think i just
nailed the the
the the the messaging around it and
um and and i just i i didn't wear it out
either like i didn't
promote it every single episode i would
sometimes i went two months without
promoting it
um i would do it every other episode or
every three or
maybe two or three in a row um and
now i the reason i think i've gotten
just about everyone to sign up for my
free course
on podcasting is because it you know the
the velocity
at which people sign up has slowed down
to a crawl
um i like when i advertise it on my
podcast
not a ton of people sign up anymore uh
because i
i just there's not there's not many of
them left
so the only people that are signing up
are new people
so you know when people when the email
comes through that so-and-so signed up
for
uh you know the course i will
start a dialogue with them um there
there have only been a
handful a handful of people
um you could count on my finger who who
have signed up for the course and who i
have not
sent a personal email to um got it so a
lot of personal like personalized
outreach it sounds like jordan
yeah which has kind of shone through
throughout the episode really in terms
of the way you
outreach to firstly the the instagram
guys to get your
um gym sign ups or your personal
training sign up
yeah i yeah yeah i guess so yeah and
then um
then with the the email messaging to
your ideal guests and now through the uh
yeah production work in business i need
to do a lot more cold outreach i'd say
that the people who
i i reach out to you know who signed up
for the course i mean those are like
very warm
leads those are it's like a warm
outreach they're very
very very familiar with me they're
excited about the course or they've
maybe gone through it already
um and they trust me so it's it's very
different
um and there's a lot of room for growth
here right now for me
so yeah okay and if i could just take
what i do with podcasts and the cold
outreach i do there and
implement it in my business like that
would be
that'd be great maybe we'll speak in
years time and you'll work out a way to
do it
yeah i mean i know how to do it i mean
i'll probably do it today honestly
cool dude all right man well um yeah
we've covered some some great ground and
is there one
thing jordan that you could suggest to
people tuning in that they should be
doing with digital marketing
from today that can benefit their
business
yeah i mean i'm preaching at the choir
because we're doing this on linkedin
but it just amazes me how many people
do not understand the power
of linkedin and
you know when you mention linkedin as a
marketing strategy and a podcasting
facebook group and people are like wait
what
huh all i know is like instagram and
getting eight views on instagram that's
all i know
so thinking that if you want to be heard
in 2020 and you don't currently have
attraction you
have to be on linkedin but again
preaching to the choir here it's nothing
world-changing for people listening to
this awesome dude well everyone you've
been tuning in to sam's business growth
show where we sit down with business
leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe we found out their story how
digital marketing has helped along the
way and their exclusive tips and
insights to help you skyrocket
yourselves and your
business jordan we like to ask everyone
that comes on this show if you could
thank just one person
if you're dead or alive having a
positive influence on yourself and your
career who would that be
and why hmm
running through the do the bug training
oh yeah yeah
yeah um i mean yeah there's captivate
uh or was it vanessa van edwards who
wrote the book captivate
science of succeeding with people
uh she taught me how to talk and then
robert greene
okay and why him well
books have been instrumental and uh he's
been
very he's a very kind person and uh
very kind to me and and i really uh
i really appreciate him that was
probably my favorite podcast ever the
one that i did with him
uh and his work has just been so
transformational for me
cool man jordan tell us a bit more about
your podcast
your business your guide and how people
can connect with yourself and learn
learn from you
yeah i mean growth mindset university is
the podcast we're
we're learning the lessons we should
have learned in school but didn't i just
think that what's going on in the
education system is absolutely
tragic i know a lot of people share the
same view uh and if you share that view
and feel that you were you yeah
you just didn't get out of school what
you're hoping for and
uh you want some real learning from real
practitioners and growth mindset
university is for
you and uh yeah jordanparris.com
course is uh where people can get my
free podcasting course
i have a lot of glowing reviews on that
and i know that uh
you'll enjoy it and i'm constantly like
adding to it as well
um yeah so anyway appreciate
you having me sam are you tired of
constantly hunting for new customers
you could be missing out on regular
inbound opportunities all because your
website isn't on the first page of
google
perhaps you're already spending lots of
money on advertising but your website is
failing to convert
all of your hard-earned visitors into a
consistent flow
of new customers if you'd like to learn
more about our unusual approach that
brings idle clients
straight to you connect with sam dunning
on linkedin
or book a free 20-minute consultation
via webchoiceuk.com
that's webchoiceuk.com
subscribe today for more digital
marketing sales and business growth tips
from the experts